Job Title: Executive Coach, Alpha - an EDU Startup

Company Overview:
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Alpha - an EDU Startup. Alpha is a network of K-12 schools in Texas committed to redefining the way kids learn. Change starts with our three promises to students: Students love school. Students learn two times faster than in a traditional school. Students learn life skills.
------------------
About the job:
Crossover is the world's #1 source of full-time remote jobs. Our clients offer top-tier pay for top-tier talent. We're recruiting this role for our client, Alpha - an EDU Startup. Have you got what it takes? This is an in-person role located in Austin, Texas. If you're a driven achiever, a master at building teams that exceed expectations, and a natural at sparking motivation, Alpha is about to unleash an opportunity that will fuel your ambitions like never before.

Job responsibilities:
Coaching your team of Guides. By regularly providing personal, actionable feedback to your team of Alpha Guides, you’ll improve their daily performance and in turn, amplify student enjoyment and achievement. Creating Guide Playbooks that detail best practices for facilitation, instructions on how to design more rewarding learning activities, and what to do when challenges arise. Motivating Students. You'll lead a small cohort of students, using your kid-expertise and coaching skills to turn even the most reticent learner into a rocketship kid!

Job requirements:
A Master's degree in any field. Demonstrate a successful history of developing and mentoring professional teams to achieve elite-level performance. Utilize data-driven approaches for decision-making. Exhibit a history of actively engaging with children and teens (ages 5-18), fostering their growth and accomplishment. Legal right to work in the US without visa sponsorship. Willingness to relocate to Austin, TX.

Skills required:
Leadership, empathy, logic, objectivity, firmness, ability to challenge and motivate a professional team, ability to connect, motivate, and cultivate success with any student.

Salary offered:
150000

Company perks:
Competitive pay, generous benefits and time off, growth and learning culture, coaching, training, and opportunities for leadership, relocation assistance available for highly-qualified candidates.

